i'm debrah gardening with quirky gourmet
today i'm going to show you the best way
to cut a white cabbage now cabbages can
be pretty big so when you cut them you
want to break them down into smaller
pieces so that you can just cut them a
little more gracefully now a green
cabbage is sometimes referred to as a
white cabbage because as you get closer
to the center see here's the green outer
leaves they get whiter and they're
definitely whiter than a red cabbage so
the best way to cut one of these is to
use first of all a big sharp knife and
you want to cut it in half first if
you're using a really big cabbage you'll
probably want to cut it halfway around
and then put the knife in and work the
other way as well but this one is a nice
size to work with there is a core inside
sometimes the core is nice and small
sometimes it's really big it goes to
almost up and down the whole cabbage but
then you just want to cut the core out
cut a triangle around it and then you
break it down into workable sized pieces
and slice them together at this point
it's gonna be a little hard to handle so
I turn around and work it from the other
side and there you have the best way to
cut a white cabbage
you